target: 200
Datum: 12.5.2021
Autor: Ben Julius Kirschniak

# English 12.5.2021
## Nr.1
1. As soon as a rider arrived at a station, he'd change horses and then continue quickly on his way.
2. As the journey was completed in this way, it only took about ten days.
3. Even though there were many dangers, and a number of horses and riders died, the Pony Express only ever lost one bag of mail.
4. When these lines finally connected the East and West coasts in 1861, it became possible to send messages across the continent almost instantly.

## Nr.2

1. I've never been to America. I know quite a lot about it.
    1. Although I have never been to America, I know quite a lot about it.
    2. Even though, I've never been to America, I know quite a lot about it.
    3. I know quite a lot about America, although I have never been there.
    4. I know quite a lot about America, even though I have never visited it.
2. You arrive at the airport. Call me.
    1. When you arrive at the airport, call me.
    2. As soon as you arrive at the airport, call me.
    3. Call me, when you arrive at the airport.
    4. Call me, as soon as you arrive at the airport.
3. You're here. You can help me pack
    1. As you are here, you can help me pack
    2. Since you are already here, you can help me pack
    3. You can help me pack, as you are here.
    4. You can help me pack, since you are already here
## Nr.3
1. In 1700, about 250,000 colonists lived in North America, bat by 1775 this number had grown to around 2.5million.
2. because the population continued to grow, the land in the East became very crowded,
3. More pace was needed, so people began to look West.
4. In 1803, president Jefferson bought large parts of North America from the french and offered it to new settlers for little money.
5. While many people moved West around this time to farm the new land, others left the East as they didn't like the new industries or the cities that were developing there.
6. Although the journey West was hard and full of dangers, many people saw it as a chance to build better lives for themselves.
